【昴宿星使者－卡拉】
《1》.一切都在改變. (20200205)
《2》.繼續還是放棄. (20200227)
《3》.今年會是很有趣的一年. (20200228)

2020年02月29日.星期六,昴宿星使者－卡拉信息：
《1》.一切都在改變.
傳導：James McConnell.
譯者： Nick Chan.於2020年02月05日.

I am KaRa. It is also wonderful to be here with you, and to be able to share. And to help you to understand from the point of view that we look now upon your Earth, as we look down upon all of you. Not ‘down’ as in looking at you as something lower than us, but down from our vantage point. And we can see so many things that you are not able to see with your physical eyes. But when you open your third eye, fully open it, then you see as we see. And we see tremendous momentum gathering.  Everything is moving forward exactly as it needs to.  Even though at times you feel you are standing still, or the world is standing still and nothing is changing.
我是卡拉。能夠與你在一起，與你分享我也感到很高興。我來幫助你從我們的視角理解，隨著我們往下看向你們，看向地球。不是“往下”看你好似你比我們低級，而是從我們的視角往下看。我們可以看到很多你的肉眼無法看到的東西。但當你開啟的第三眼，完全打開，你就可以看到我們看到的。我們看到巨大的勢頭聚集。一切都如它所需地在前進。即使有時候你感到靜止不動，或者世界靜止不動，沒什麼改變

Everything is changing.  Everything is in motion now.  You hear many times that all is being orchestrated, and it is indeed so.  Everything is being orchestrated.
一切都在改變。一切都處於運動。你聽過很多次，一切都被精心編排，確實如此。一切都被精心編排

We, those of us in our ships, are preparing.  We are preparing for disclosure.  It is coming.  The many projects that we have been working on, and those of you on the surface have been working on as well, and even those below the surface have been working on.  All of these are coming to fruition, almost all at once.  So you will begin to see so much more that has been kept in the background, that has been kept hidden from you.
我們，飛船上的人，準備著。我們為揭露準備著。它正在到來。我們一直在致力於的許多項目，你們地表的人一直在致力於的，甚至那些地下的人在致力於的。所有這一切都在實現，幾乎是同時的。所以你會開始看到更多被隱藏在幕後的東西，向你隱藏的東西

I speak now of the disclosure, that you are not alone in the universe.  The full disclosure.  Not a partial disclosure.  That has been requested by many to have a partial disclosure, but that is not to be.  Because the collective consciousness of all of you have risen up and said, “No more!  No more covertness, no more secrets.  Everything must come out into the open.  Everything must be revealed.  The truth must come forth.”  And because of that, you are changing the course of history, or the course of the timelines that you have been traveling on, and creating your own timelines.  As of yet, you do not fully understand this idea of timelines, but you will.
我現在述說揭露，你們在宇宙中並不孤單。全面的揭露。而不是片面的揭露。許多人請求片面的揭露，但不會是這樣。因為集體意識已經提升並述說：“夠了！不要再隱藏，不要再有秘密。一切都必須公開。一切都必須被揭示。真相必須出來。”因此，你在改變歷史的進程，或者你所處的時間線的進程，你在創造自己的時間線。但，你還不完全明白這個時間線的理念，但你會的

Because you are on the timeline of your own creation now, not the timeline of those who attempted to turn the time to their advantage.  They were able to do so for a very long time, thousands of years.  But no more.  For the source of all of creation in this universe has said, “No more!”  And everything followed from that, as if that was the one big domino that needed to fall.  And each domino fell from that, all the way down.
因為你處於自己創造的時間線中，不是試圖利用時間的那些人的時間線。他們能夠這麼做很久了，數千年。但不再如此。因為這個宇宙中所有造物的源頭已經說話：“夠了！”一切都會遵從，好似它是一個巨大的多米諾骨牌，一切都會跟隨它倒下。

And you will begin to see soon that one large domino that you have been waiting for.  It has not yet fallen, but it is about to, and it will shake the very core of the beings, many here on this planet all at once.  It will be both Earth and mind shattering.
你很快會開始看到你一直等待的巨大多米諾骨牌。它還未倒下，但就要倒下，它會動搖許多人的核心，同一時間。它對地球和頭腦來說都會是令人震驚的

But I do speak of certain happenings that are coming forward.  For we can see the precursors of this now.  And yes, it does have to do with your political situation as a big part of it.  For all is going to be revealed.  And once this occurs, then we, those of us that have been waiting in the wings to show ourselves to you will be able to begin to do so more and more, just as we have begun doing.  But it will become more and more profound, as so many more of you, both those that are awakened, and those that are yet still asleep, will become awakened by these very events that will come forth.
我確實在說某些事情就要發生。因為我們可以看到先兆。是的，確實和你們的正治局勢有關，作為它的一大部分。因為一切都將被揭示。一旦這發生，我們，等待著向你展示自己的人，能夠開始更多地這麼做，就像我們已經開始在做的。但它會變得越來越深刻，隨著你們越來越多的人，覺醒的和依舊沉睡的，被這些將會到來的事件喚醒

I am KaRa, and I appreciate this time that I can be with you in these moments to be able to further help your understanding.
我是卡拉，我感謝能夠和你一起同在，幫助你進一步理解的這些時間

But again, always know that it does not matter how much you understand, but just that you know in the moment.  And when you are in that very moment, then understanding is no longer necessary.
但再次，總是知曉，你明白多少並不重要，而是你知道自己處於當下。當你處於那個當下，“明白”就不再是必須的

Peace and love be with all of you.
願平和與愛和你們同在
原文：https://www.jianshu.com/p/80952726eed0

2020年02月29日.星期六,昴宿星使者－卡拉信息：
《2》.繼續還是放棄.
傳導：James McConnell.
譯者： Nick Chan.於2020年02月27日.

I am KaRa.  I appreciate this time that I can come and be with you, and share with you, and continue to help you associate all that is changing in your lives.
我是卡拉。我感謝能夠前來與你同在、與你分享、繼續幫助你聯繫正在你生活中改變的一切

All that is in the moment, right now, shifting and changing because of these energies.  these waves of energies that have been coming in for some time now.  As you have been acclimating to these energies, becoming accustomed to them, connecting with them, becoming one with these energies.
此時此刻，轉變和改變的一切都是因為這些能量。已經到來有段時間的能量波。隨著你適應這些能量，習慣於它們，與他們連接，與這些能量成為一體

And these energies, these waves of energy, these waves of light, of gamma light, have been lifting you up, raising the consciousness in your bodies, reconnecting the DNA within your bodies.  Raising you up into a higher octave of yourself.
這些能量，這些能量波，這些光波，伽瑪光，一直在提升你，提升你身體中的意識，重新連接你身體中的DNA。將你提升到更高的八度音

Because it is time now, my Brothers and Sisters of the Light, of this Family of Light.  It is time for all of you to realize that you have arrived!  Not that you are going to arrive, but that you have arrived.  You are in the moment NOW.  And in this moment right now, you have arrived!  You are there!  You are there in the fifth dimension right now.  Whether you stay there or not is up to you.  Each and every one of you have that choice to remain or to drop back.
因為是時候了，光之兄弟姐妹們，光之家人們。是時候讓你們所有人都意識到你已經到達！不是你將要到達，而是你已經到達。你處於當下。在這個當下，你已經到達。你正處於五維之中。你要不要呆在那裡取決於你。你們每個人都有選擇，是繼續還是放棄

Now, your life callings tend to draw you back, and that is understandable.  Because you still must live in the life that you have created for yourselves.  And that life that you have created for yourselves is still somewhat immersed within the 3-D realm, within the illusion of this 3-D consciousness.
現在，你的生活傾向於讓你回頭，這是可以理解的。因為你依舊必須生活於你為自己創造的生活中。這個生活依舊沉浸於3D領域，3D意識的幻象中

But the more and more you become aware of higher vibrations, of higher frequency, of higher consciousness, and that you can find yourselves in that higher consciousness any time that you want in any moment, you can be there and, in many moments, you are there.  And when you fully realize that, then the blissful feelings, the expansive feelings that you have, even the expanse of your mind to begin to understand so much more in those moments, that begins to last longer and longer.
但你越來越多地意識到更高的振動、更高的頻率、更高的意識，你會發現自己在任何想要的時候就會處於那個更高的意識，你可以隨時處於那裡。當你完全意識到這一點，幸福的感受、擴張的感受、甚至思想的廣闊會開始明白許多，這個開始會持續地越來越久

And you will find one of these days that you will lift into this higher vibration, into that higher dimensional frequency in the bliss that you are feeling and the expansiveness of mind that you are feeling, and you will begin in that moment to understand life.  You will begin to understand consciousness.  You will begin to understand the unification of all of life of the universe.  The connectedness of all life.  In that moment, you will understand it.
你會發現有一天你會提升到這個更高的振動、那個更高維度的頻率中，在你感到的幸福和思想廣闊中，你會在那個時刻開始理解生活。你會開始理解意識。你會開始理解宇宙中所有生命的統一性。所有生命的連通性。在那個時刻，你會明白

And as many times happens, as you fall back again, you forget.  You let go of that remembrance.
正如發生了許多次的，當你回頭，你會遺忘。你放下了那個記憶

But I tell you now, my friends, that those remembrances that you have had from so many thousands of years ago, so many lifetimes past, will come back.
但我現在告訴你，朋友們，你保持了數千年的那些記憶，保持了如此多的生世，會返回

You will forget the negative times, the downtrodden times that you have had in this 3-D illusion.  You will forget all of that because it will no longer be necessary to remember.  Because the programming that those memories continue to hold you to will be gone forever.  Then you will be ensconced within the higher vibrations of the fourth and fifth dimension, and even higher than that.  Because even in your mind at that time, you will have arrived.  For it is still your mind, the programming within your mind, that continues to hold you back, continues to hold you down to this illusion, that continues to keep you within the matrix of your own making of this illusion.
你會忘記消極的時期，受壓破的時期，你在3D幻象中所經歷的。你會忘記這一切，因為它不再需要被記住。因為那些記憶中繼續阻礙你的編程會永遠消失。然後你會嵌入四維和五維的更高振動，甚至更高。因為到那時，即使在你的頭腦中，你也會到達。因為它依舊在你的頭腦中，你頭腦中的編程，阻礙著你，繼續將你困於這個幻象，繼續將你困於你自己創造的這個幻象矩陣

But just as Neo was able to escape the matrix and finally realized who he was as The ONE, so too are you coming to that point where you will remember, when you will realize ‘I am the ONE.’
但就像尼奧能夠逃脫矩陣，最終意識到他是誰（救世主），你也會到達那個點，你會憶起，你會意識到“我就是救世主”

All of my peace and love be with each and every one of you, as you continue to move through these many changes that are ahead of you, many shift through this transition now that is taking you fast into your own personal ascension.
願我所有的平和與愛和你們每個人同在，隨著你繼續通過前方的諸多改變，這個過渡中的許多改變會帶你快速進入自己的個人揚升
原文：https://www.jianshu.com/p/4fd6f75460e9

2020年02月29日.星期六,昴宿星使者－卡拉信息：
《3》.今年會是很有趣的一年.
傳導：Erena Velazquez.
譯者： Nick Chan.於2020年02月28日.

I am KaRa Pleiadian Emissary,
我是昴宿星使者卡拉

I am representing Ashtar. Ashtar is my Commander and I belong to his fleet.
我代表阿斯塔。阿斯塔是我的指揮官，我是他艦隊的人

I am happy to be here. I was looking forward to be able to speak. I am the one who overlooks and helps some groups with their Ascension.
我很高興來到這裡。我很期待輪到我說話的時刻。我觀察並幫助著一些團體的揚升

Today is my individual message, I am representing the Light Forces just like Ashtar does. I am sending this transmission to tell that I am happy to assist and help humanity to lift their consciousness and move to the next stage of their Evolution. I am pleased to be part of this amazing experience, for the first time in the galaxy to be able to ascend a whole planet with people on it. We are doing a lot of work behind the scenes, we are removing all of the obstacles that come to Earth. The obstacles created by the Dark Forces who don’t want for this planet to ascend. Please don’t be alarmed or be fearful, everything is going by the plan, don’t worry, just do your part.
今天是我的個人信息，我代表光之力量，就像阿斯塔。我發送這則傳輸來述說我很高興協助以及幫助人類提升他們的意識，進入他們進化的下一個階段。我很高興成為這個驚人體驗的一部分，整個銀河系有史以來第一次一個星球能夠伴隨著其上的人民揚升。我們在幕後做著大量的工作，我們在移除所有的障礙。不想要地球揚升的黑暗力量所創造的障礙。請不要擔心或害怕，一切都在按照計畫進行，不要擔憂，去做你的工作

I just want to be here and I am grateful that I can be here. I will continue to be part of this process and I will send some messages. I am pleased to see all the progress humanity is doing, especially some of the light worker communities, who are working so hard to bring and shine the light to the rest of humanity. We are proud and grateful for their dedication. We also are happy to assist humanity and help them with their process.
我想要處於這裡，我很感激能夠來到這裡。我會繼續成為這個進程的一部分，我會發送一些信息。我很高興看到人類做出的所有進展，尤其是一些光之工作者社區，在努力帶來光，照耀剩下的人。我們很自豪，感謝他們的奉獻。我們也很高興來協助人類，幫助他們的進展

This year is going to be an interesting year. We are expecting for a lot of information to come out. The information that was hidden from humanity for thousand of years. Humanity was lied to about everything, including their origin. This is going to be the year of the truth, the truth will surface. We know humanity is hungry for the truth, they have been lied to, used, and they have been mistreated for a long time. Light is coming and we are grateful to see that. All of these energies that are coming to Earth and all of the things that have been done, make me happy to be part of this process. It’s an amazing process, some days it doesn’t feel like it is, because we know that humanity is still suffering, a lot people are going through hardships in different ways. We know that humanity is going through all of these diseases, which were created for them by the Dark Forces, but this is coming to end, you just need to be a little bit more patient.
今年會是很有趣的一年。我們預計會有大量的信息出現。向人類隱藏數千年的信息。人類在每件事情上都被欺騙，包括他們的起源。這會是真相之年，真相會浮現。我們知道人類渴望真相，他們被欺騙，被不公平對待了很長時間。光正在到來，我們很感激看到這一點。所有在朝地球前來的能量，所有完成的事情，讓我很高興成為這個進程的一部分。這是一個驚人的進程，有一天你會感覺如此，因為我們知道人類依舊在受苦，大量的人在不同的方式中經歷困難。我們知道人類在經歷所有這些病痛，黑暗力量為他們創造的，但這正在結束，你只需再保持一點耐心。